docs: add remote documentation (#331)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/manifest.mdx

- `virtualService`: the name of the virtual service you want to divert.
- `hosts`: the list of hosts you want to divert in the developer namespace. Requests to these virtual services will inject the header `x-okteto-divert`.

#### Deploy remotely

> Remote deploy is useful to share the same tools and configuration across the team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `--deploy` flag lets you run the `okteto deploy` commands directly in your Okteto cluster. 

When executing `okteto deploy` with this flag, Okteto will automatically synchronize your local folder, and then it will execute the `build` and `deploy` sections of the manifest directly in your Okteto cluster, using the image defined in the manifest. 

With this, you don't have to worry about installing tools like `helm`, `kubectl`, and others on your local machine. Instead, you define a container image with all your tools and you, and everyone else on your team, get the same experience with zero configuration required. 
```

Author: This document refers to the manifest syntax. Given that this is speaking about the flag on the command this text suits better on [src/content/reference/cli.mdx](https://github.com/okteto/docs/pull/331/files/7f9779683d206b3a3a4da7d8e0006bf0db8ff695#diff-765a4ae9a92c455b25037bf35765ef05dc35f0c5876729264840c42eab4b026c)

> This will provide all the members in the team the same deployment experience since they are sharing the config and deploy tools defined in the image provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```yaml
deploy:
  image: okteto/pipeline-installer:1.7.6
  commands:
    - helm upgrade --install movies chart --set api.image=${OKTETO_BUILD_API_IMAGE} --set frontend.image=${OKTETO_BUILD_FRONTEND_IMAGE}
```

> > If no image is provided the command will run in the local machine using the local tools and configuration

Reviewer: I find this odd. If I'm passing a `--remote` flag, I'm expecting this to run remotely. 

could we instead:
a) fail the command
b) use a default image (the same that the installer perhaps?)

cc @omnomagonz what do you think?

Author: If image is set in the manifest, Okteto deploy command will run on remote.
If image is **not** set in the manifest, Okteto deploy command will run locally.
If image is **not** set in the manifest but the user uses the `--remote` flag, Okteto deploy command will run on remote using the pipeline installer image.

Reviewer: @jLopezbarb can we link to the repo with the default image? (or document it somehow?)

```suggestion

If you define an image in the okteto manifest, `okteto deploy` will always run in remote mode.  If you don't define an image, and you run in remote mode, okteto will use a default container image.
```

Reviewer: (whatever text we end up with here, we should also apply to `destroy`.

- `virtualService`: the name of the virtual service you want to divert.
- `hosts`: the list of hosts you want to divert in the developer namespace. Requests to these virtual services will inject the header `x-okteto-divert`.

#### Deploy remotely

Using the `--remote` flag lets you run the `okteto deploy` commands directly in your Okteto cluster. 

When executing `okteto deploy` with this flag, Okteto will automatically synchronize your local folder, and then it will execute the `build` and `deploy` sections of the manifest directly in your Okteto cluster, using the image defined in the manifest. 

With this, you don't have to worry about installing tools like `helm`, `kubectl`, and others on your local machine. Instead, you define a container image with all your tools and you, and everyone else on your team, get the same experience with zero configuration required. 

```yaml
deploy:

>   image: okteto/pipeline-installer:1.7.6

Reviewer: this image doesn't exist or is not public. can we update it the sample to it's functional?

  - terraform destroy --auto-approve
```

#### Destroy remotely

> Remote destroy is useful to share the same tools and configuration across the team.
> 
> This will provide all the members in the team the same destroy experience since they are sharing the config and deploy tools defined in the image provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `--deploy` flag lets you run the `okteto deploy` commands directly in your Okteto cluster. 
When executing `okteto destroy` with this flag, Okteto will automatically synchronize your local folder, and then it will run the `destroy` section of the manifest directly in your Okteto cluster, using the image defined in the manifest. 

With this, you don't have to worry about installing tools like `helm`, `kubectl`, and others on your local machine. Instead, you define a container image with all your tools, and you, and everyone else on your team, gets the same experience with zero configuration required. ```
